<h1>Final Year Project - MyRECS (Consultant)</h1>

<h2>Abstract</h2>
<p>Bite management and snake envenomation without expert consultation can lead to death and risk the victim. In Malaysia, the implementation of the Remote Envenomation Consultation Service (RECS) by a group of emergency physicians and clinical toxinology aims to assist medical practitioners in clinics and hospitals to produce diagnoses and manage case-related cases from venomous animals. Among the venomous animals that contribute to the highest proportion of envenomation cases to human beings are snakes. However, current negotiation methods through phone calls and short messaging systems cause difficulties in analyzing patient data and limiting communication between medical practitioners and experts. The problem now is RECS Consultants are still using WhatsApp as a medium for communication between them with medical practitioners. This way of communicating is not practical and can lead to many problems and confusion while communicating. This study discusses the transformation of manual work processes into faster and easier work by using mobile application. This mobile application development involves the use of IONIC software that uses programming language such as HTML, JavaScript, and CSS. The objective of this study is to develop a mobile application in the case of snake bite consultation remotely and test the mobile application that have been created with expert users. The Methodology of Analysis, Design, Development, Implementation and Evaluation (ADDIE) is used to ensure that every phase of development can be achieved perfectly. MyRECS will operate on a mobile basis using Android/IOS operations for the development of the Application Program Interface (API) in support of storing patient details as well as for the process of consultation.<p>
